Update readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/bi-dashboard-non-visual-custom-export: readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1038672)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# BI Dashboard - Non-Visual Custom Export

This example shows how to use the [DashboardExporter](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardCommon.DashboardExporter) component in a console application to export a dashboard with a [custom](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/403031/winforms-dashboard/winforms-designer/create-a-custom-item) Funnel item.

## How to Use the Application

In the console, run the `DashboardExporterApp.exe` application and specify the path where you want to export the document:

```
D:\work\test\app>DashboardExporterApp.exe D:/work/test
```

> The application prints the `Dashboard.xml` dashboard located in the _Dashboards_ folder next to the application.

Reviewer: How can it 'print' a dashboard in a folder?

Author: ```suggestion
The application generates a PDF file from the `Dashboard.xml` dashboard and places it in the _Dashboards_ folder next to the application.

```

The [DashboardExporter.ExportToPdf](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardCommon.DashboardExporter.ExportDashboardItemToPdf(Dashboard--String--String--Nullable-Size---DashboardState--DashboardPdfExportOptions)) method exports a dashboard as a PDF file.

> ## Files to Look At

Author: ```suggestion
## Files to Review

```
